fix(ios): clarify API.swift file, remove references to deprecated AmplifyTools (#3209)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/graphqlapi/fragments/ios/getting-started.md

```console
? Are you sure you want to continue? `Yes`
```
Answer `No` to `? Do you want to generate code for your newly created GraphQL API`.

> Answering `Yes` will generate an `API.swift` file which is only necessary when AppSync is directly used. You'll use the `amplify codegen models` command to generate Swift models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Answering `Yes` will generate an `API.swift` file which is only necessary when directly using the AWSAppSync SDK. When you're using Amplify API or Amplify DataStore, you'll use the `amplify codegen models` command to generate Swift models.
```
